README.md, before:

# WebRocky

## Summary 
WebRocky is a web-based client for the Xiaomi vacuums.

## Motivation
One of the reasons I started this project is that the Android based Mi Home and Roborock applications don't seem to work well on my Android phone. I experienced sudden battery drain issues, so I wanted a way to control the vacuum from my desktop PC.
The other reason was to add some features I missed in the app, such as being able to remember certain positions and zones on the map, or saving and restoring preset no-go zone and no-mop zone profiles.

## Build & run

Dependecies: `git`, `java`, `mill`, `md5sum`

```
$ git clone https://github.com/gjuhasz86/webrocky.git
$ cd webrocky
$ mill proj.dist
$ cp secrets.hocon.sample dist/secrets.hocon # SEE EXAMPLE FOR PASSWORD HASH BELOW
$ $EDITOR dist/secrets.hocon # edit the properties
$ cd dist
$ java -cp out.jar roborock.server.WebServer public # Webserver is started at http://localhost:4201
```

Example to generate the md5 hash of your password:
```
$ echo -n "mysecretpassword" | md5sum | tr [:lower:] [:upper:]
```

## Appendix
### Legal

Xiaomi is a registered trademark and service mark of Xiaomi Inc., which is not 
affiliated with the maker of this program and does not endorse, service or 
warrant the functionality of this product.

Commit message:

Added example for md5 hash

README.md, after:

# WebRocky

## Summary 
WebRocky is a web-based client for the Xiaomi vacuums.

## Motivation
One of the reasons I started this project is that the Android based Mi Home and Roborock applications don't seem to work well on my Android phone. I experienced sudden battery drain issues, so I wanted a way to control the vacuum from my desktop PC.
The other reason was to add some features I missed in the app, such as being able to remember certain positions and zones on the map, or saving and restoring preset no-go zone and no-mop zone profiles.

## Build & run

Dependecies: `git`, `java`, `mill`, `md5sum`

```
$ git clone https://github.com/gjuhasz86/webrocky.git
$ cd webrocky
$ mill proj.dist
$ cp secrets.hocon.sample dist/secrets.hocon # SEE EXAMPLE FOR PASSWORD HASH BELOW
$ $EDITOR dist/secrets.hocon # edit the properties
$ cd dist
$ java -cp out.jar roborock.server.WebServer public # Webserver is started at http://localhost:4201
```

Example to generate the md5 hash of your password:
```
$ echo -n "mysecretpassword" | md5sum | tr [:lower:] [:upper:]
4CAB2A2DB6A3C31B01D804DEF28276E6  -
```
(The above example shows the actual output for the password `mysecretpassword`.
If you generate the hash by any other means, make sure it matches this example.) 

## Appendix
### Legal

Xiaomi is a registered trademark and service mark of Xiaomi Inc., which is not 
affiliated with the maker of this program and does not endorse, service or 
warrant the functionality of this product.
